name
Candidate Sentence: Jordan Crawford Jordan Lee Crawford (born October 23, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Sichuan Blue Whales of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA). He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers and the Xavier Musketeers. His brother is Joe Crawford, who has also played in the NBA.
Early life and high school Crawford was born to parents Joseph Sr. and Sylvia Crawford in Detroit, Michigan in 1988
Candidate Sentence: Adding to the tale, amateur videos of the game and subsequent dunk were allegedly confiscated by Nike at the behest of James. Later, Nike claimed there was a standing policy of no taping at the camp. It was then reported that it was in fact Jordan Crawford, a sophomore guard at Xavier, that made the feat at the LeBron James Skills Academy


team
Candidate Sentence: Crawford entered the 2010 NBA draft after two years of college play becoming the first Musketeer to enter the draft before graduating. At Xavier, Crawford wore the number 55.
Statistics Professional career Crawford was selected by the New Jersey Nets with the 27th overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft. Due to his play style he was nicknamed "Sizzle". His rights were later traded to the Atlanta Hawks and he joined the team for the 2010 NBA Summer League
Candidate Sentence: Due to his play style he was nicknamed "Sizzle". His rights were later traded to the Atlanta Hawks and he joined the team for the 2010 NBA Summer League. On July 9, 2010, he signed his rookie scale contract with the Hawks.
Washington Wizards (2011–2013) On February 23, 2011, Crawford was traded to the Washington Wizards along with Maurice Evans and Mike Bibby for Kirk Hinrich and Hilton Armstrong. On March 8, 2011, Crawford scored a then-career high 22 points against the Milwaukee Bucks


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: 

draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: 

college
Candidate Sentence: Xavier was one of only two nonconference regular season losses for the Hoosiers in the 2007–2008 season when Crawford was at Indiana University. Having been denied immediate eligibility by the NCAA, Crawford had to sit out the 2008–2009 season, but was able to still practice with the Musketeers.
In the summer of 2009, rumors abounded that a college player dunked on LeBron James in a pickup game at a mini-camp cosponsored by James and Nike
Candidate Sentence: and Sylvia Crawford in Detroit, Michigan in 1988. In high school, he had suffered an ankle injury which forced him to miss his senior year of basketball. He attended Detroit's Communication and Media Arts High School and the prep school, Hargrave Military Academy, in Chatham, Virginia.
College career Indiana University Crawford signed a National Letter of Intent to play at Indiana University and enrolled in 2007
