name
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team


age
Candidate Sentence: 

team
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team
Candidate Sentence: In high school, Wright became a two-time first-team Parade All-American selection at Brentwood Academy. As a senior, Wright averaged 22.4 points, 9.4 rebounds, and 5.1 blocks per contest, and also recorded four triple-doubles (points, rebounds, assists). Wright earned Tennessee's Division II Mr. Basketball title in 2004, 2005, and 2006, becoming the first player ever to win the award three times at any level of Tennessee high school basketball


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: 

draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: In high school, Wright became a two-time first-team Parade All-American selection at Brentwood Academy. As a senior, Wright averaged 22.4 points, 9.4 rebounds, and 5.1 blocks per contest, and also recorded four triple-doubles (points, rebounds, assists). Wright earned Tennessee's Division II Mr. Basketball title in 2004, 2005, and 2006, becoming the first player ever to win the award three times at any level of Tennessee high school basketball


college
Candidate Sentence: He is considered to be a superior finisher from within twelve feet and especially at the rim. Wright's biggest weakness seemed to be his strength, as well as his sporadic defensive efforts.
Personal life Wright has two younger brothers, Brian and Trevor. The former played basketball at Lipscomb University in Nashville from 2007 to 2011
Candidate Sentence: After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team. In his lone season as a Tar Heel, Wright was named the Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year, and earned All-ACC Second Team honors
