name
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team
Candidate Sentence: He is considered to be a superior finisher from within twelve feet and especially at the rim. Wright's biggest weakness seemed to be his strength, as well as his sporadic defensive efforts.
Personal life Wright has two younger brothers, Brian and Trevor. The former played basketball at Lipscomb University in Nashville from 2007 to 2011


age
Candidate Sentence: Candidate Sentence: Wright's favorite actor is Will Smith and favorite movie Bad Boys II. Wright was a pitcher when he played baseball in his youth. He has said his favorite foods are fried chicken and steak. His favorite teams in other sports are the Atlanta Braves (MLB), Nashville Predators (NHL), and the Tennessee Titans (NFL). He wears a size fourteen shoe.


team
Candidate Sentence: In his lone season as a Tar Heel, Wright was named the Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year, and earned All-ACC Second Team honors. In the 2007 NBA draft, Wright was chosen eighth overall by the Charlotte Bobcats, and in a draft-night trade was dealt to the Golden State Warriors for guard Jason Richardson.
Early years Wright was born and raised in Nashville, Tennessee. In high school, Wright became a two-time first-team Parade All-American selection at Brentwood Academy
Candidate Sentence: Wright was also named Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year (the third straight Tar Heel to earn the honor) and earned All-ACC Second Team honors.
College statistics Professional career Golden State Warriors (2007–2011) Wright before a game as a member of the Warriors in 2009 Wright became an early candidate for the 2007 NBA draft after his freshman year at the University of North Carolina. In the draft, Wright was selected by the Charlotte Bobcats with the eighth overall pick
