name
Candidate Sentence: Steve Kerr This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 11 August 2024.
For the Scottish footballer, see Steven Kerr. For the Scottish politician, see Stephen Kerr.
Stephen Douglas Kerr (born September 27, 1965) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who is the head coach for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the U.S. national team
Candidate Sentence: During his NBA career, Kerr won five NBA championships. He retired as the league's all-time leader in single-season three-point shooting percentage (.524 in 1994–95) and career three-point shooting percentage (.454). As of 2024, Kerr is the only NBA player to win four straight NBA titles after 1969.
Broadcaster and commentator In 2003, Kerr became a broadcast analyst for Turner Network Television (TNT), offering commentary alongside analyst Marv Albert


age
Candidate Sentence: On May 24, 2022, during a press conference for Game 4 of the NBA's 2022 Western Conference finals after that day's Robb Elementary School shooting in Texas where 19 children and two teachers were murdered by a gunman wielding semi-automatic weapons, Kerr reiterated these points emotionally. He said, regarding the filibuster, that Republicans in the U.S
Candidate Sentence: While in Beirut in the summer of 1983, he met a number of US Marines who were later killed in the Beirut barracks bombings. Kerr attended Cairo American College in Egypt, the American Community School in Beirut, Lebanon, and Palisades High School (now Palisades Charter High School) in Los Angeles, graduating in 1983.
Malcolm Kerr was killed by members of the Islamic Jihad on January 18, 1984 at the age of 52 while he was serving as president of the American University of Beirut


team
Candidate Sentence: Selected by the Phoenix Suns in the second round of the 1988 NBA draft, Kerr played 15 seasons in the NBA. He won five NBA championships as a player—three with the Chicago Bulls and two with the San Antonio Spurs—and retired as the all-time NBA leader in single-season three-point shooting percentage and career three-point shooting percentage.
Following his retirement as a player, Kerr became a minority owner of the Phoenix Suns as part of a group led by Robert Sarver that purchased the team in 2004
Candidate Sentence: In return, the Trail Blazers received Charles Smith, Amal McCaskill, and Antonio Daniels. Kerr played in nearly every game (75) the following year, which was his final season in the league. In Game 6 of the 2003 Western Conference Finals against the Dallas Mavericks, Kerr made four second-half three-pointers that helped the Spurs win the game and eliminate Dallas from the playoffs
