name
Candidate Sentence: Tony Delk Tony Lorenzo Delk (born January 28, 1974) is an American former professional basketball player and college assistant coach. He last served as an assistant coach for the New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball team. During his playing days, he was team leader of the Kentucky Wildcats team that won the 1996 NCAA Championship Game
Candidate Sentence: He retired, once again, and served as a technical assistant with the same team.
Coaching career Delk as an assistant coach with the Kentucky Wildcats in 2009 On April 16, 2009 it was announced that Delk would be returning to his alma mater along with his former college teammate Scott Padgett to serve on coach John Calipari's staff at the University of Kentucky.
In July 2011, the New Mexico State Aggies basketball team hired him as an assistant coach to Marvin Menzies.
In June 2013, Delk left the New Mexico State staff to pursue other opportunities closer to his family in Atlanta.
Broadcasting career In October 2014, the SEC Network announced Delk had been hired as an in-studio analyst and announcer for the upcoming college basketball season.
Personal life Tony Delk is the president of the Taylor Delk Sickle Cell Foundation


team
Candidate Sentence: He won the Greek Cup, the Greek Championship and the European Championship with Panathinaikos, but was released in May 2007, citing compatibility issues. He announced his retirement from professional basketball in November 2007. In 2008, nonetheless, he played three games for the Gigantes de Carolina in the BSN, the professional basketball league of Puerto Rico
Candidate Sentence: During his playing days, he was team leader of the Kentucky Wildcats team that won the 1996 NCAA Championship Game. After college, he played for eight National Basketball Association (NBA) teams over 10 seasons.
High school Delk attended Haywood Junior High School and Haywood High School in Brownsville, Tennessee. During his 1992 senior year of high school, Delk was named "Mr
