name
Candidate Sentences: Tony Delk Tony Lorenzo Delk (born January 28, 1974) is an American former professional basketball player and college assistant coach. He last served as an assistant coach for the New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball team. During his playing days, he was team leader of the Kentucky Wildcats team that won the 1996 NCAA Championship Game


age
Candidate Sentences: 

team
Candidate Sentences: 

draft_year
Candidate Sentences: He also received SEC Player of the Year honors during the season. Delk joined Omega Psi Phi Fraternity while at Kentucky.
College statistics Playing career Delk (right) guarded by Andrei Kirilenko in 2006. Tony Delk was picked 16th overall in the 1996 NBA draft by the Charlotte Hornets. He was traded by the Hornets along with Muggsy Bogues to the Golden State Warriors for B. J. Armstrong on November 7, 1997, where he played for two seasons before signing with the Sacramento Kings on August 16, 1999


draft_pick
Candidate Sentences: He also received SEC Player of the Year honors during the season. Delk joined Omega Psi Phi Fraternity while at Kentucky.
College statistics Playing career Delk (right) guarded by Andrei Kirilenko in 2006. Tony Delk was picked 16th overall in the 1996 NBA draft by the Charlotte Hornets. He was traded by the Hornets along with Muggsy Bogues to the Golden State Warriors for B. J. Armstrong on November 7, 1997, where he played for two seasons before signing with the Sacramento Kings on August 16, 1999


college
Candidate Sentences: He retired, once again, and served as a technical assistant with the same team.
Coaching career Delk as an assistant coach with the Kentucky Wildcats in 2009 On April 16, 2009 it was announced that Delk would be returning to his alma mater along with his former college teammate Scott Padgett to serve on coach John Calipari's staff at the University of Kentucky.
In July 2011, the New Mexico State Aggies basketball team hired him as an assistant coach to Marvin Menzies.
In June 2013, Delk left the New Mexico State staff to pursue other opportunities closer to his family in Atlanta.
Broadcasting career In October 2014, the SEC Network announced Delk had been hired as an in-studio analyst and announcer for the upcoming college basketball season.
Personal life Tony Delk is the president of the Taylor Delk Sickle Cell Foundation
