name
Candidate Sentence: For one dunk he jumped over Shaquille O'Neal, and did the "honey dip" dunk popularized by Vince Carter, and displayed a Superman undershirt while hanging from the rim
Candidate Sentence: Hamidou Diallo Not to be confused with Amadou Diallo.
Hamidou Diallo (born July 31, 1998) is an American professional basketball player for the Capital City Go-Go of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats. He was a consensus five-star prospect, and one of the top-rated basketball players in the class of 2017. He won the 2019 Slam Dunk Contest.
High school career Diallo attended John Bowne High School in Flushing, New York during his freshman and sophomore year


age
Candidate Sentence: For one dunk he jumped over Shaquille O'Neal, and did the "honey dip" dunk popularized by Vince Carter, and displayed a Superman undershirt while hanging from the rim
Candidate Sentence: The next day, the Pistons announced that Diallo had suffered a grade 2 sprain in his right ankle and would be re-evaluated in three to four weeks. In a press conference the same day, however, Pistons head coach Dwane Casey stated that Diallo would miss the rest of the 2022–23 season.
Washington Wizards / Capital City Go-Go (2023–present) On October 21, 2023, Diallo signed with the Washington Wizards, but was waived the same day


team
Candidate Sentence: 

draft_year
Candidate Sentence: He reclassified, graduating a semester early and joining the Wildcats midseason that month. He would start participating with the team in practices, but would not play a single game that year due to his late entry into the program
Candidate Sentence: His draft rights were subsequently traded to the Charlotte Hornets, and then to the Oklahoma City Thunder. On July 28, 2018, the Thunder announced that they had signed Diallo to his rookie-scale contract. On October 16, 2018, Diallo made his debut in NBA, coming off the bench in a 100–108 loss to the Golden State Warriors with four points, a rebound, an assist and a steal


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: He reclassified, graduating a semester early and joining the Wildcats midseason that month. He would start participating with the team in practices, but would not play a single game that year due to his late entry into the program
Candidate Sentence: His draft rights were subsequently traded to the Charlotte Hornets, and then to the Oklahoma City Thunder. On July 28, 2018, the Thunder announced that they had signed Diallo to his rookie-scale contract. On October 16, 2018, Diallo made his debut in NBA, coming off the bench in a 100–108 loss to the Golden State Warriors with four points, a rebound, an assist and a steal


college
Candidate Sentence: He reclassified, graduating a semester early and joining the Wildcats midseason that month. He would start participating with the team in practices, but would not play a single game that year due to his late entry into the program
Candidate Sentence: He won the 2019 Slam Dunk Contest.
High school career Diallo attended John Bowne High School in Flushing, New York during his freshman and sophomore year. He also attended Putnam Science Academy. As a sophomore, he averaged 17.1 points, 6.6 rebounds per game, and 2.7 assists. During the 2015 summer, Diallo competed on the Under Armour Association Circuit (UAA) for the AAU team, New York Jayhawks, where he averaged 22.5 points and 5.0 rebounds per game
