name
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse was one of the league's smallest markets. The NBA was ostensibly a white league at the beginning, with Wataru Misaka, an American of Japanese descent, the only openly non-white player.[note 8]  In the NBA, Chollet was a reserve guard tasked with facilitating. No longer a primary scoring option, his role was to set up plays and distribute the ball to the teams' veteran players
Candidate Sentence: He was an administrator for community sports programs at the Lakewood Recreation Department from 1960 to 1980 and tended bar at Kluck's, a local landmark. Chollet died in 1998 and was buried at Milan Cemetery.
Career statistics NBA Regular season Playoffs ABL College career Notes Citations "South vs. West". The Kansas City Times. Kansas City, Missouri. March 17, 1945.
"Loyola Beats Pepperdine, 49–36, for National Basketball Crown". The Times-Picayune. March 19, 1945. p. 10. "Loyola's Title"


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: He'd say 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Cervi,' then run on the court so nobody could say anything. So I did the same thing. 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Chollet.' We won that game, too." — Leroy Chollet Chollet began his second pro season as player-coach of the Utica Pros, an American Basketball League team that farmed players to larger NBA teams including the Nationals and the New York Knicks
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse was one of the league's smallest markets. The NBA was ostensibly a white league at the beginning, with Wataru Misaka, an American of Japanese descent, the only openly non-white player.[note 8]  In the NBA, Chollet was a reserve guard tasked with facilitating. No longer a primary scoring option, his role was to set up plays and distribute the ball to the teams' veteran players


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: He'd say 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Cervi,' then run on the court so nobody could say anything. So I did the same thing. 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Chollet.' We won that game, too." — Leroy Chollet Chollet began his second pro season as player-coach of the Utica Pros, an American Basketball League team that farmed players to larger NBA teams including the Nationals and the New York Knicks
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse was one of the league's smallest markets. The NBA was ostensibly a white league at the beginning, with Wataru Misaka, an American of Japanese descent, the only openly non-white player.[note 8]  In the NBA, Chollet was a reserve guard tasked with facilitating. No longer a primary scoring option, his role was to set up plays and distribute the ball to the teams' veteran players


NBA_championships
Candidate Sentence: After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945. Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College
Candidate Sentence: Chollet was inducted into the Canisius Hall of Fame in 1964, and the Loyola Athletic Hall of Fame in 1993.
Professional career Leroy Chollet (center) contesting a shot from Danny Finn in the ABL Chollet signed with the Syracuse Nationals for the NBA's 1949–50 inaugural season, after the Basketball Association of America (BAA) and National Basketball League (NBL) merged.[note 7] In the NBA's early days, the most successful and popular franchises were the smaller Midwest teams that had originated in the NBL
