name
Candidate Sentence: The 14 rebounds were the most recorded by a point guard in the 2013–14 NBA season.
Carter-Williams finished his rookie season with averages of 16.7 ppg, 6.2 rpg, and 6.3 apg. At the time, he was one of only three players in NBA history to average 16 points, 6 rebounds and 6 assists in a rookie season, the other players being Oscar Robertson and Magic Johnson, though Luka Dončić has also achieved it
Candidate Sentence: The last time that two players had recorded their first career triple-doubles in the same game was when Detroit Pistons Donnie Butcher and Ray Scott did it on March 14, 1964 (they were not rookies). It was also the first time that two opponents had recorded triple-doubles in the same game since Caron Butler and Baron Davis had done so on November 23, 2007.
Carter-Williams was named the Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month for games played in October and November 2013


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: He was drafted in the first round with the 11th overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers, after playing college basketball for the Syracuse Orange. He was named NBA Rookie of the Year in 2014, and he has also played for the Milwaukee Bucks, Chicago Bulls, Charlotte Hornets, Houston Rockets, and Orlando Magic.
High school career Carter-Williams attended Hamilton-Wenham Regional High School in Hamilton, Massachusetts as a freshman
Candidate Sentence: He made his debut for the Bulls in their season opener on October 27, 2016, recording five points, six rebounds and three assists off the bench in a 105–99 win over the Boston Celtics. On November 1, 2016, he was ruled out for four to six weeks after he sustained a bone bruise with no ligament damage to his knee, as well as a left wrist sprain. He returned to the Bulls lineup on December 26, 2016, and finished with one point (0-for-5 from the field) in 19 minutes against the Indiana Pacers


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: He was drafted in the first round with the 11th overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers, after playing college basketball for the Syracuse Orange. He was named NBA Rookie of the Year in 2014, and he has also played for the Milwaukee Bucks, Chicago Bulls, Charlotte Hornets, Houston Rockets, and Orlando Magic.
High school career Carter-Williams attended Hamilton-Wenham Regional High School in Hamilton, Massachusetts as a freshman
Candidate Sentence: He made his debut for the Bulls in their season opener on October 27, 2016, recording five points, six rebounds and three assists off the bench in a 105–99 win over the Boston Celtics. On November 1, 2016, he was ruled out for four to six weeks after he sustained a bone bruise with no ligament damage to his knee, as well as a left wrist sprain. He returned to the Bulls lineup on December 26, 2016, and finished with one point (0-for-5 from the field) in 19 minutes against the Indiana Pacers


NBA_championships
Candidate Sentence: He has a younger sister, Masey, and three younger brothers: Marcus, Max, and Adrian. His parents met while the two were both basketball players at Salem State University in Salem, Massachusetts.
Candidate Sentence: Rookie Victor Oladipo of the Magic also recorded his first career triple-double in the same game, marking the first and only time in NBA history that two rookies have recorded triple-doubles in the same game. The last time that two players had recorded their first career triple-doubles in the same game was when Detroit Pistons Donnie Butcher and Ray Scott did it on March 14, 1964 (they were not rookies)
