name
Candidate Sentence: Leroy Chollet Leroy Patrick Chollet (March 5, 1925 – June 10, 1998) was an American professional basketball player who led  Loyola University New Orleans to its first national championship. Chollet and his brothers attended Holy Cross School in New Orleans and excelled in sports. After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945
Candidate Sentence: Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College. In New York, he passed as white; Canisius would later claim Chollet to be the school's first African American basketball player.
Chollet played for several professional teams, including the Syracuse Nationals


age
Candidate Sentence: He was an administrator for community sports programs at the Lakewood Recreation Department from 1960 to 1980 and tended bar at Kluck's, a local landmark. Chollet died in 1998 and was buried at Milan Cemetery.
Career statistics NBA Regular season Playoffs ABL College career Notes Citations "South vs. West". The Kansas City Times. Kansas City, Missouri. March 17, 1945.
"Loyola Beats Pepperdine, 49–36, for National Basketball Crown". The Times-Picayune. March 19, 1945. p. 10. "Loyola's Title"
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David


team
Candidate Sentence: Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College. In New York, he passed as white; Canisius would later claim Chollet to be the school's first African American basketball player.
Chollet played for several professional teams, including the Syracuse Nationals
Candidate Sentence: Chollet was inducted into the Canisius Hall of Fame in 1964, and the Loyola Athletic Hall of Fame in 1993.
Professional career Leroy Chollet (center) contesting a shot from Danny Finn in the ABL Chollet signed with the Syracuse Nationals for the NBA's 1949–50 inaugural season, after the Basketball Association of America (BAA) and National Basketball League (NBL) merged.[note 7] In the NBA's early days, the most successful and popular franchises were the smaller Midwest teams that had originated in the NBL


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: He'd say 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Cervi,' then run on the court so nobody could say anything. So I did the same thing. 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Chollet.' We won that game, too." — Leroy Chollet Chollet began his second pro season as player-coach of the Utica Pros, an American Basketball League team that farmed players to larger NBA teams including the Nationals and the New York Knicks


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: He'd say 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Cervi,' then run on the court so nobody could say anything. So I did the same thing. 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Chollet.' We won that game, too." — Leroy Chollet Chollet began his second pro season as player-coach of the Utica Pros, an American Basketball League team that farmed players to larger NBA teams including the Nationals and the New York Knicks


college
Candidate Sentence: After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945. Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College
Candidate Sentence: In their final game, Loyola defeated Pepperdine University, with Chollet scoring a game-high 18 points.
His younger brother, Hillary Chollet, had become a high school football star, recruited by rival colleges Louisiana State University (LSU) and Tulane. After Hillary chose Tulane, the family's genealogy came under increased scrutiny. Louisiana colleges were segregated, and neither Tulane nor Loyola accepted black students at the time
