university_name
Candidate Sentence: There isn't much school pride, most likely because we don't have a football team and because we don't know what our mascot actually is. Campus is very pretty though and everything is quite new here so those amentities are very nice. You have to make your own fun and DC is only 25 minutes away. There are a lot of good restaurants in the area. Also all parties are off campus because of strict security on campus with drinking.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P
Candidate Sentence: Now many of those forests I loved have been chopped down to make room for a lot of new dorms and apartment-style living.    There did not used to be a lot of school pride here, and it's still not the most enthusiastic group of students, although the recent basketball victories helped to change that too.  My freshman year, I thought school pride was a myth.  During our Final Four run, it was amazing how much different the campus dynamic felt


rank
Candidate Sentence: It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  George Mason University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 143. Its in-state tuition and fees are $8,684; out-of-state tuition and fees are $25,448.
Opportunities to advance your career abound both inside and outside the classroom, including internships at nationally and internationally recognized companies and organizations, ranging from the Smithsonian National Zoo to the White House. Mason alumni dominate the D.C
Candidate Sentence: There are a lot of good restaurants in the area. Also all parties are off campus because of strict security on campus with drinking.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P. All rights reserved.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: Now many of those forests I loved have been chopped down to make room for a lot of new dorms and apartment-style living.    There did not used to be a lot of school pride here, and it's still not the most enthusiastic group of students, although the recent basketball victories helped to change that too.  My freshman year, I thought school pride was a myth.  During our Final Four run, it was amazing how much different the campus dynamic felt
Candidate Sentence: My freshman year, I thought school pride was a myth.  During our Final Four run, it was amazing how much different the campus dynamic felt.  The campus never quite  fully returned to its apathetic state, and the atmosphere again became electric when we were the CAA champions this year as well.
GMU is a good size school during the week, but when the weekend comes you wonder if anyone is actually living on campus with you. Everyone leaves on the weekends and there isn't much to do on campus
