university_name
Candidate Sentence: Hampshire College was designed to be a school where things were taught differently. It has become a place where different things are taught. These "different subjects" occasionally turn out to be taught and executed exceptionally well. Often, though, they are unbacked, subjective nonsense that students take to be 100% true.    Some basics:    Hampshire College exists on a good amount of land, most of which is undeveloped
Candidate Sentence: Hampshire College The Basics About Hampshire College Hampshire College is a private institution that was founded in 1965. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,463, its setting is rural, and the campus size is 800 acres. It utilizes a 4-1-4-based academic calendar.  Hampshire College's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 119. Its tuition and fees are $41,604.
Hampshire College is an "alternative" school


rank
Candidate Sentence: Hampshire College's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 119. Its tuition and fees are $41,604.
Hampshire College is an "alternative" school. Unfortunately, most of the student body seems to think that this means the Hampshire College is politically or socially "alternative." With that said, the school is often the home of loud political/social "protests" (which are rarely well thought out, almost always rash and reactionary and often leave as soon as they come)
Candidate Sentence: The trouble lies in the students, many of whom preach "community involvement" by touting hurricane relief programs or attempting to support local farming efforts, but won't do more than charge a Hampshire College Hoodie at the store to rep their own college.   We have a ton of beurocratic red tape, but at times that can be a boon - if you can get your stuff together, and are relatively persistant, you can get what you want from the school, putting your 40,000 dollar education back in your hands


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: Hampshire's biggest weakness is our consummate lack of school spirit. Little to no investment in the school is manifest by the students, and many community institutions are brittle or simply non-existant. We have a fragile student government, no year book and only one athletic team to speak of (Red Scare, our Ultimate Frisbee team) although we actually have other athletic teams, and could easily form more
Candidate Sentence: Hampshire College was designed to be a school where things were taught differently. It has become a place where different things are taught. These "different subjects" occasionally turn out to be taught and executed exceptionally well. Often, though, they are unbacked, subjective nonsense that students take to be 100% true.    Some basics:    Hampshire College exists on a good amount of land, most of which is undeveloped
