university_name
Candidate Sentence: One experience I'll always remember was my first night at college as a first-year.  There is an event called "Play Fair," in which the entire first-year class is brought together on the lawn at night and you play a bunch of ridiculous games to get to know each other.  What's wonderful about it is that you are there, at a time when you're vulnerable and uncertain, yet you're standing there with your entire class, doing ridiculous things together
Candidate Sentence: Knox College The Basics About Knox College Knox College is a private institution that was founded in 1837. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,407, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 82 acres. It utilizes a trimester-based academic calendar.  Knox College's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 75. Its tuition and fees are $33,024.
I love the Knox student body


rank
Candidate Sentence: Knox College's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 75. Its tuition and fees are $33,024.
I love the Knox student body. There really is no "typical" Knox student, and the one thing that brings us all together is how different we all our. At Knox, I have always felt free to be myself, however weird and wacky that might be, and people appreciate me for it
Candidate Sentence: What's wonderful about it is that you are there, at a time when you're vulnerable and uncertain, yet you're standing there with your entire class, doing ridiculous things together.  There aren't that many colleges where you could get your entire class together in front of one building to play games together.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P. All rights reserved.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: One experience I'll always remember was my first night at college as a first-year.  There is an event called "Play Fair," in which the entire first-year class is brought together on the lawn at night and you play a bunch of ridiculous games to get to know each other.  What's wonderful about it is that you are there, at a time when you're vulnerable and uncertain, yet you're standing there with your entire class, doing ridiculous things together
Candidate Sentence: That kind of comfortability with the faculty and  administration was not something I expected to encounter in college.  Another interesting tradition is Pump handle.  It begins with the President shaking one of the Dean's hands, and then another Dean shakes both of their hands, and a line forms, so by the time everyone has passed through the line, you have shaken the hand of every student and faculty member at Knox.    One experience I'll always remember was my first night at college as a first-year
