university_name
Candidate Sentence: Monmouth University The Basics About Monmouth University Monmouth University is a private institution that was founded in 1933. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 4,681, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 156 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Monmouth University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is Regional Universities (North), 40
Candidate Sentence: Also, Woodrow Wilson's pets, Girlie and Fluffy, are buried out by the well that is located on campus.  I feel honored to be able to walk on a campus with so much history.  The most frequent student complaints are that academic advisors do not know what they are talking about; they usually end up hurting students rather than helping them


rank
Candidate Sentence: It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Monmouth University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is Regional Universities (North), 40. Its tuition and fees are $26,356.
62%         	selective         	2010-2011 Tuition and Fees: $26,356  The University, which was founded in 1933, is a private, moderate-sized, coeducational, comprehensive institution that offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in more than fifty majors and concentrations
Candidate Sentence: The University has a dedicated, distinguished faculty, and a ratio of 15 students to each professor ensures small classes and active learning.   Innovative undergraduate majors and concentrations include marine science, software engineering, and music industry production. Recently added majors include: Spanish/international business, health studies, health and physical education, and theatre arts. The most popular majors are business, education, communication, and psychology


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: The University also provides a safe and secure environment for all students.  With a modern, community-oriented police department staffed by highly experienced and educated professionals, the campus is equipped with up-to-date technology, including emergency telephones throughout campus and a cell phone message service that sends out immediate alerts regarding emergency situations.
Monmouth is a place where you create many chapters in your life. Each year as a student represents a chapter
Candidate Sentence: Each year as a student represents a chapter. I could not have had any better of an experience thus far. The first day of Freshman year is a day where you do not know what you are getting into. You just take a chance and go with it. Monmouth is a place where you feel comfortable taking a risk and shoot for the stars. It is a place that allows you to learn who you are, find yourself and along that journey you create lasting friendships
