university_name
Candidate Sentence: The College provides degree programs and other educational opportunities for residential, commuting, and adult students. Instruction emphasizes critical thinking, analytical reasoning, reading, writing, speaking, making informed ethical decisions, and using the new information technologies. It understands the increasing importance of a global perspective and of helping students learn to function in a complex society
Candidate Sentence: Students choose from a variety of majors, all of which help prepare students for rewarding personal lives, good citizenship, and productive careers. The College provides an educational environment that encourages spiritual and ethical development, but serves students of many religious backgrounds. The College provides degree programs and other educational opportunities for residential, commuting, and adult students


rank
Candidate Sentence: It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  North Carolina Wesleyan's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is Regional Colleges (South), 49. Its tuition and fees are $23,050.
The liberal arts are the foundation of Wesleyan???s curriculum for all undergraduate degree programs. Students choose from a variety of majors, all of which help prepare students for rewarding personal lives, good citizenship, and productive careers
Candidate Sentence: It is tailored to the learning styles and schedules of working adults. While its curriculum and programs do not reflect a sectarian perspective, the College affirms the values of the Judeo-Christian tradition.   The College has a special commitment to the Rocky Mount area and to eastern North Carolina. Through individual faculty, staff, and alumni activity, and through its educational and cultural programs, the College promotes the development of the region


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: The College provides degree programs and other educational opportunities for residential, commuting, and adult students. Instruction emphasizes critical thinking, analytical reasoning, reading, writing, speaking, making informed ethical decisions, and using the new information technologies. It understands the increasing importance of a global perspective and of helping students learn to function in a complex society
Candidate Sentence: The College works to create an environment in which students, faculty, and staff come together in a dynamic learning community.  Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P. All rights reserved.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
