university_name
Candidate Sentence: goods bound for foreign markets, or arrive in our harbors with merchandise and materials for American consumers.
Tankers along the west coast with raw petroleum for our refineries; massive gas carriers bound for terminals along the Gulf coast; Great Lakes vessels load iron ore, coal or other minerals for America's industry; huge containerships discharge in Eastern ports, their box-like containers filled with manufactured goods; general cargo ships in the Gulf unload pallets of coffee and crates of fruit; tugboats and towboats push and pull barges loaded with Midwest grain.
These kinds of vessels, owned by U.S
Candidate Sentence: 99 percent of these materials are transported by merchant vessels.
A ship at sea does not operate in a vacuum. It depends on a framework of shoreside activities for its operations


rank
Candidate Sentence: US Merchant Marine's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is Regional Colleges (North), 3.
As one of the five federal academies, the route to Kings Point is challenging, and will not be easy.  However, it will be a rewarding challenge, and will ensure a lifetime of personal and professional satisfaction.  Graduates of the Academy serve their country by pursuing careers in the maritime industry and the armed services. Many continue their studies in graduate or professional schools
Candidate Sentence: But the most important element in a productive merchant fleet and a strong transportation industry is people - men and women who are intelligent, dedicated, well-educated and competent.
The purpose of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy is to ensure that such people are available to the nation as shipboard officers and as leaders in the transportation field who will meet the challenges of the present and the future.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: However, two things are certain: You'll have choices and you'll be prepared to make the most of them.
A glimpse at a map of the world confirms that the United States is a maritime nation. To the east is the Atlantic Ocean; to the west, the Pacific; off our southern border, the Gulf of Mexico; in the north, the Great Lakes; and crisscrossing our states, great rivers like the Mississippi and other inland waterways.
Every hour of every day, ships of all types ply the waters in and around our nation
Candidate Sentence: But the most important element in a productive merchant fleet and a strong transportation industry is people - men and women who are intelligent, dedicated, well-educated and competent.
The purpose of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy is to ensure that such people are available to the nation as shipboard officers and as leaders in the transportation field who will meet the challenges of the present and the future.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P
