name
Candidate Sentence: Drew Gordon Not to be confused with Drew Gooden.
Drew Edward Gordon (July 12, 1990 – May 30, 2024) was an American professional basketball player who was a power forward for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He spent most of his career playing overseas in Europe, but also played domestically in the NBA G League.
Gordon began his college basketball career with the UCLA Bruins, then transferred during his sophomore year to the New Mexico Lobos


age
Candidate Sentence: He was driving a Vanderhall Carmel, a three-wheeled autocycle, that passed over the center line and collided with a pickup truck, whose driver and passenger were hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries.
Candidate Sentence: He then moved to Japan, where he signed on July 6, 2022, to play with the Rizing Zephyr Fukuoka of the B.League.
On July 12, 2023, Gordon announced his retirement from professional basketball.
Career statistics NBA Regular season Euroleague NBA Development/G League Regular season LNB Pro A College career Personal life Gordon died in a traffic collision in an unincorporated area of Clackamas County, Oregon, on May 30, 2024, at the age of 33


team
Candidate Sentence: Drew Gordon Not to be confused with Drew Gooden.
Drew Edward Gordon (July 12, 1990 – May 30, 2024) was an American professional basketball player who was a power forward for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He spent most of his career playing overseas in Europe, but also played domestically in the NBA G League.
Gordon began his college basketball career with the UCLA Bruins, then transferred during his sophomore year to the New Mexico Lobos
Candidate Sentence: Gordon garnered a number of accolades for his play as the starting center for the Lobos, giving New Mexico a dominating inside presence. He was the older brother of NBA forward Aaron Gordon.
Early life Gordon was born on July 12, 1990, in San Jose, California. He attended Archbishop Mitty High School in San Jose as a four-year varsity letterwinner and three-time All-West Catholic Athletic League first team selection who led the Monarchs to three West Catholic Athletic League championships
