name
Candidate Sentence: Dwayne Schintzius Dwayne Kenneth Schintzius (October 14, 1968 – April 15, 2012) was an American National Basketball Association (NBA) basketball player. He was born in Brandon, Florida and attended the University of Florida, where he helped lead the Florida Gators men's basketball program to its first three NCAA tournament appearances as an all-conference center
Candidate Sentence: Schintzius was selected in the first round of the 1990 NBA draft (24th overall) by the San Antonio Spurs, but chronic back problems reduced his effectiveness, and he played for six different NBA teams over ten seasons in the league, mainly as a reserve player.
Off the court, Schintzius was known for his distinctive mullet-style haircut that he called "the lobster", his sometimes abrasive behavior, and his performance as a Russian basketball player in the 1996 comedy film Eddie


age
Candidate Sentence: On April 15, 2012, Schintzius died at the Moffit Cancer Center from respiratory failure; he was 43 years old.
Candidate Sentence: In 2009, he was diagnosed with a rare form of leukemia. After treatment and a brief remission, he died from complications of the disease in 2012.
Early years Schintzius was born in Brandon, Florida, a suburb of Tampa. He attended Brandon High School, where the seven-foot center played for the Brandon Eagles high school basketball team. Together with teammate Toney Mack, Schintzius led the Eagles to a Class 4A state runner-up finish as a sophomore, and another Final Four berth as a junior


team
Candidate Sentence: After missing the entire 1997–98 season due to injury, he played 16 games with the Boston Celtics in 1998–99 before retiring from the NBA. In eight NBA seasons, he appeared in 217 regular season games and started 33 of them.
He later came out of retirement to play in the minor leagues, and appeared in 35 games for the Mobile Revelers of the NBA's Development League in 2001–02
Candidate Sentence: Dwayne Schintzius Dwayne Kenneth Schintzius (October 14, 1968 – April 15, 2012) was an American National Basketball Association (NBA) basketball player. He was born in Brandon, Florida and attended the University of Florida, where he helped lead the Florida Gators men's basketball program to its first three NCAA tournament appearances as an all-conference center
