name
Candidate Sentence: Kermit Washington Kermit Alan Washington (born September 17, 1951) is an American former professional basketball player. Washington is best remembered for punching opposing player Rudy Tomjanovich during an on-court fight in 1977.  Washington was not a highly coveted player coming out of high school. He averaged four points per game during his senior season at Coolidge Senior High School
Candidate Sentence: He still played a somewhat unaggressive or "soft" brand of basketball, and it was hurting his chances of being drafted by a professional team. Between his sophomore and junior years he began lifting weights with Trey Coleman, a former football player from the University of Nebraska who was studying as an undergrad at American. Coleman encouraged him to be more aggressive on the court, and Washington told him that it was not in his nature


age
Candidate Sentence: His skull was fractured in such a way that Tomjanovich could taste the spinal fluid leaking into his mouth. He later recalled that at the time of the incident, he believed the scoreboard had fallen on him
Candidate Sentence: Pat later said it went deeper than that, as when she met him in college: It was very hard for him to show affection. Sometimes I would ask him directly if he really cared about me, and he would say something like, "I think you're really nice." It was hard for him to be more open than that. He had never really been nurtured, never really been loved. I came to believe if I nurtured him enough, if I loved him enough, he would get past all that


team
Candidate Sentence: He still played a somewhat unaggressive or "soft" brand of basketball, and it was hurting his chances of being drafted by a professional team. Between his sophomore and junior years he began lifting weights with Trey Coleman, a former football player from the University of Nebraska who was studying as an undergrad at American. Coleman encouraged him to be more aggressive on the court, and Washington told him that it was not in his nature
Candidate Sentence: Under Newell's tutelage, Washington's game rapidly improved and he became a starter for several teams. He played for the Lakers, Boston Celtics, San Diego Clippers, Portland Trail Blazers and Golden State Warriors.
Early life Kermit Washington's mother Barbara graduated from Miner Teachers’ College (later subsumed into University of the District of Columbia); his father Alexander was an X-ray technician
