name
Candidate Sentence: Kevin Durant Not to be confused with Kevin Durand.
Washington, D.C., U.S. (Fort Washington, Maryland) (Mouth of Wilson, Virginia) (Rockville, Maryland) Kevin Wayne Durant (born September 29, 1988), also known by his initials KD, is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Candidate Sentence: After sustaining an Achilles injury in the 2019 NBA Finals, Durant joined the Brooklyn Nets as a free agent that summer. Following disagreements with the Nets' front office, he requested a trade during the 2022 offseason and was traded to the Suns the following year.
Off the court, Durant is one of the highest-earning basketball players in the world, due in part to endorsement deals with companies such as Foot Locker and Nike


age
Candidate Sentence: In February, Durant suffered a hamstring injury, which forced him to miss 23 games. On April 2, the NBA fined Durant $50,000 for private messages he sent through social media to actor Michael Rapaport in a feud. Durant made his return on April 7, 2021, scoring 17 points off the bench in a 139–119 win over the New Orleans Pelicans
Candidate Sentence: In Game 6, he set a new playoff career high with 50 points in a 129–110 win to close out the series


team
Candidate Sentence: Kevin Durant Not to be confused with Kevin Durand.
Washington, D.C., U.S. (Fort Washington, Maryland) (Mouth of Wilson, Virginia) (Rockville, Maryland) Kevin Wayne Durant (born September 29, 1988), also known by his initials KD, is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Candidate Sentence: He has developed a reputation for philanthropy and regularly leads the league in All-Star votes and jersey sales. In 2018, Durant was among Time's 100 most influential people in the world. In recent years, he has contributed to The Players' Tribune as both a photographer and writer. In 2012, Durant ventured into acting, appearing in the film Thunderstruck.
Early life Durant was born on September 29, 1988, in Washington, D.C., to Wanda (née Durant) and Wayne Pratt
