name
Candidate Sentence: Jordan Crawford Jordan Lee Crawford (born October 23, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Sichuan Blue Whales of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA). He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers and the Xavier Musketeers. His brother is Joe Crawford, who has also played in the NBA.
Early life and high school Crawford was born to parents Joseph Sr. and Sylvia Crawford in Detroit, Michigan in 1988
Candidate Sentence: Adding to the tale, amateur videos of the game and subsequent dunk were allegedly confiscated by Nike at the behest of James. Later, Nike claimed there was a standing policy of no taping at the camp. It was then reported that it was in fact Jordan Crawford, a sophomore guard at Xavier, that made the feat at the LeBron James Skills Academy


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: The Celtics sent Crawford and MarShon Brooks to the Warriors.  In exchange, the Celtics received Joel Anthony, a protected future draft pick Philadelphia sent to Miami in an earlier trade, and a 2016 second-round draft pick from the Heat


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: The Celtics sent Crawford and MarShon Brooks to the Warriors.  In exchange, the Celtics received Joel Anthony, a protected future draft pick Philadelphia sent to Miami in an earlier trade, and a 2016 second-round draft pick from the Heat


NBA_championships
Candidate Sentence: However, Crawford had his contract with Alba Berlin rescinded two days later after Crawford didn't pass the physicals.
On January 8, 2019, Crawford signed with the Israeli team Ironi Nahariya for the remainder of the season. On January 27, 2019, Crawford recorded 21 points in his third game with Nahariya, shooting 4-for-9 from three-point range, along with two rebounds and five assists, leading Nahariya to a 86–80 win over Hapoel Jerusalem
Candidate Sentence: Xavier was one of only two nonconference regular season losses for the Hoosiers in the 2007–2008 season when Crawford was at Indiana University. Having been denied immediate eligibility by the NCAA, Crawford had to sit out the 2008–2009 season, but was able to still practice with the Musketeers.
In the summer of 2009, rumors abounded that a college player dunked on LeBron James in a pickup game at a mini-camp cosponsored by James and Nike
