name
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team


age
Candidate Sentence: Candidate Sentence: After injuring his right knee on November 7, 2015, Wright missed the rest of the 2015–16 season bar a five-game stint in February.
Wright returned to the Grizzlies' line-up during the 2016 preseason, but after injuring his left ankle, he was sidelined for the start of the 2016–17 season. On November 16, 2016, he underwent a successful arthroscopic debridement of his left ankle after non-surgical interventions failed to eliminate his posterior tibialis tendinopathy


team
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team
Candidate Sentence: He is considered to be a superior finisher from within twelve feet and especially at the rim. Wright's biggest weakness seemed to be his strength, as well as his sporadic defensive efforts.
Personal life Wright has two younger brothers, Brian and Trevor. The former played basketball at Lipscomb University in Nashville from 2007 to 2011


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: 

draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: In high school, Wright became a two-time first-team Parade All-American selection at Brentwood Academy. As a senior, Wright averaged 22.4 points, 9.4 rebounds, and 5.1 blocks per contest, and also recorded four triple-doubles (points, rebounds, assists). Wright earned Tennessee's Division II Mr. Basketball title in 2004, 2005, and 2006, becoming the first player ever to win the award three times at any level of Tennessee high school basketball


college
Candidate Sentence: He is considered to be a superior finisher from within twelve feet and especially at the rim. Wright's biggest weakness seemed to be his strength, as well as his sporadic defensive efforts.
Personal life Wright has two younger brothers, Brian and Trevor. The former played basketball at Lipscomb University in Nashville from 2007 to 2011
Candidate Sentence: The former played basketball at Lipscomb University in Nashville from 2007 to 2011. Wright has participated in various community outreach projects associated with the Golden State Warriors, including the opening of a new Reading and Learning Center at Megan Furth Academy in San Francisco. Wright has also taken part in the team's Thanksgiving Food Distribution event, made a visit to Children's Hospital in Oakland, and visited sessions of the Warriors Basketball Camp
