name
Candidate Sentence: Jordan Crawford Jordan Lee Crawford (born October 23, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Sichuan Blue Whales of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA). He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers and the Xavier Musketeers. His brother is Joe Crawford, who has also played in the NBA.
Early life and high school Crawford was born to parents Joseph Sr. and Sylvia Crawford in Detroit, Michigan in 1988
Candidate Sentence: Adding to the tale, amateur videos of the game and subsequent dunk were allegedly confiscated by Nike at the behest of James. Later, Nike claimed there was a standing policy of no taping at the camp. It was then reported that it was in fact Jordan Crawford, a sophomore guard at Xavier, that made the feat at the LeBron James Skills Academy


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: The Celtics sent Crawford and MarShon Brooks to the Warriors.  In exchange, the Celtics received Joel Anthony, a protected future draft pick Philadelphia sent to Miami in an earlier trade, and a 2016 second-round draft pick from the Heat
Candidate Sentence: Crawford entered the 2010 NBA draft after two years of college play becoming the first Musketeer to enter the draft before graduating. At Xavier, Crawford wore the number 55.
Statistics Professional career Crawford was selected by the New Jersey Nets with the 27th overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft. Due to his play style he was nicknamed "Sizzle". His rights were later traded to the Atlanta Hawks and he joined the team for the 2010 NBA Summer League


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: The Celtics sent Crawford and MarShon Brooks to the Warriors.  In exchange, the Celtics received Joel Anthony, a protected future draft pick Philadelphia sent to Miami in an earlier trade, and a 2016 second-round draft pick from the Heat
Candidate Sentence: Crawford entered the 2010 NBA draft after two years of college play becoming the first Musketeer to enter the draft before graduating. At Xavier, Crawford wore the number 55.
Statistics Professional career Crawford was selected by the New Jersey Nets with the 27th overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft. Due to his play style he was nicknamed "Sizzle". His rights were later traded to the Atlanta Hawks and he joined the team for the 2010 NBA Summer League


NBA_championships
Candidate Sentence: On March 8, 2011, Crawford scored a then-career high 22 points against the Milwaukee Bucks. On March 15, 2011, he passed his previous career high, scoring 27 points in a loss to the Chicago Bulls. He passed it again on March 30, 2011, by scoring 39 points in a loss to the Miami Heat. On April 1, 2011, Crawford recorded his first triple-double of his professional career in a game against the Cleveland Cavaliers. He had 21 points, 11 assists, and 10 rebounds
Candidate Sentence: On April 1, 2011, Crawford recorded his first triple-double of his professional career in a game against the Cleveland Cavaliers. He had 21 points, 11 assists, and 10 rebounds. Crawford was the second Wizards rookie that season to record a triple double; John Wall had done so earlier that season. In the 2012–13 season, he was moved to point guard when John Wall missed time due to injury
