university_name
Candidate Sentence: VCU is huge. It's the largest school in the state, so often times you will see a lot of people you won't know. I like that because it pushes me to make new friends and meet new people.    I get mixed reactions from people when I tell them about VCU. Some of them who don't know much or anything about the school will adopt a slightly patronizing tone and look at me differently. Other people will get excited since they know VCU is on the rise, and we have a fantastic basketball team


academic_calendar
Candidate Sentence: Off campus there are clubs and all kinds of shops to hang out at. And just down a ways is Carytown. There are tons of little shops and restaurants and neat places to hang out. There is a $2 movie theatre that shows 1 or 2 movies a week and a lot of students like to go down there.     The administration does its best to help out the students. I have a lot of respect for them. The biggest controversy on campus was around our newest campus addition
Candidate Sentence: A lot of people were hesitant about the idea of crossing that busy street, but the building is really nice, and the walk really isn't unreasonable, so that dispute sort of resolved itself.    VCU students love their basketball. The student sections of seating almost always fill up for every game. A lot of people even get defensive about VCU because so many people see it as a slacker school. So the fans are that much more devoted so they can help crush that idea


rank
Candidate Sentence: VCU's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 167.
The best thing about VCU is the diverse population and how interesting everyone on campus is. You have so many faculty members and counselors who are there for you every step of the way and who are looking out for you. This school is just right
Candidate Sentence: The administration does its best to help out the students. I have a lot of respect for them. The biggest controversy on campus was around our newest campus addition. They recently built VCU brand new business building east of Belvidere Street. The rest of the Monroe Park Campus is on the West side of Belividere. A lot of people were hesitant about the idea of crossing that busy street, but the building is really nice, and the walk really isn't unreasonable, so that dispute sort of resolved itself


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: VCU is huge. It's the largest school in the state, so often times you will see a lot of people you won't know. I like that because it pushes me to make new friends and meet new people.    I get mixed reactions from people when I tell them about VCU. Some of them who don't know much or anything about the school will adopt a slightly patronizing tone and look at me differently. Other people will get excited since they know VCU is on the rise, and we have a fantastic basketball team
Candidate Sentence: A lot of people were hesitant about the idea of crossing that busy street, but the building is really nice, and the walk really isn't unreasonable, so that dispute sort of resolved itself.    VCU students love their basketball. The student sections of seating almost always fill up for every game. A lot of people even get defensive about VCU because so many people see it as a slacker school. So the fans are that much more devoted so they can help crush that idea


total_undergraduate_enrollment
Candidate Sentence: Virginia Commonwealth University The Basics About VCU VCU is a public institution that was founded in 1838. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 23,149, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 143 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  VCU's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 167.
The best thing about VCU is the diverse population and how interesting everyone on campus is
Candidate Sentence: Off campus there are clubs and all kinds of shops to hang out at. And just down a ways is Carytown. There are tons of little shops and restaurants and neat places to hang out. There is a $2 movie theatre that shows 1 or 2 movies a week and a lot of students like to go down there.     The administration does its best to help out the students. I have a lot of respect for them. The biggest controversy on campus was around our newest campus addition
