name
Candidate Sentence: Leroy Chollet Leroy Patrick Chollet (March 5, 1925 – June 10, 1998) was an American professional basketball player who led  Loyola University New Orleans to its first national championship. Chollet and his brothers attended Holy Cross School in New Orleans and excelled in sports. After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse was one of the league's smallest markets. The NBA was ostensibly a white league at the beginning, with Wataru Misaka, an American of Japanese descent, the only openly non-white player.[note 8]  In the NBA, Chollet was a reserve guard tasked with facilitating. No longer a primary scoring option, his role was to set up plays and distribute the ball to the teams' veteran players


age
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
Candidate Sentence: Chollet became a top scorer in the ABL; he was recalled by Syracuse mid-season, but barely played after an early ankle injury. His third and final season of professional basketball was with another ABL team, the Elmira Colonels. During the 1951–1952 season, he announced that he was retiring from professional basketball to seek a stable coaching position.
Later life Chollet married Barbara Knaus and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio, after his professional basketball career


team
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
Candidate Sentence: Chollet was inducted into the Canisius Hall of Fame in 1964, and the Loyola Athletic Hall of Fame in 1993.
Professional career Leroy Chollet (center) contesting a shot from Danny Finn in the ABL Chollet signed with the Syracuse Nationals for the NBA's 1949–50 inaugural season, after the Basketball Association of America (BAA) and National Basketball League (NBL) merged.[note 7] In the NBA's early days, the most successful and popular franchises were the smaller Midwest teams that had originated in the NBL


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
Candidate Sentence: Chollet became a top scorer in the ABL; he was recalled by Syracuse mid-season, but barely played after an early ankle injury. His third and final season of professional basketball was with another ABL team, the Elmira Colonels. During the 1951–1952 season, he announced that he was retiring from professional basketball to seek a stable coaching position.
Later life Chollet married Barbara Knaus and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio, after his professional basketball career


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: 

college
Candidate Sentence: After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945. Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College
Candidate Sentence: In their final game, Loyola defeated Pepperdine University, with Chollet scoring a game-high 18 points.
His younger brother, Hillary Chollet, had become a high school football star, recruited by rival colleges Louisiana State University (LSU) and Tulane. After Hillary chose Tulane, the family's genealogy came under increased scrutiny. Louisiana colleges were segregated, and neither Tulane nor Loyola accepted black students at the time
