name
Candidate Sentence: He holds dual citizenship with the United States and Greece. He acquired his Greek passport on June 30, 2008, due to his Greek background. His paternal grandparents emigrated to Florida from the Greek island Lemnos. His older brother, Pat, is also a professional basketball player.
Calathes' last name in Greek translates as "basket" (καλάθι). In 2013, Calathes' fiancé, Tiffany, gave birth to the couple's first child.
Candidate Sentence: Nick Calathes Calathes with Panathinaikos BC 2016 Nicholas William Calathes (Greek: Νικόλαος Γουίλιαμ "Νικ" Καλάθης, born February 7, 1989) is a Greek-American professional basketball player for AS Monaco of the French LNB Pro A and the EuroLeague. He is widely considered as one of the best point guards in EuroLeague history.
After playing college basketball for the Florida Gators, Calathes won the EuroLeague title with Panathinaikos in 2011, and reached another final in 2021 with FC Barcelona


age
Candidate Sentence: He holds dual citizenship with the United States and Greece. He acquired his Greek passport on June 30, 2008, due to his Greek background. His paternal grandparents emigrated to Florida from the Greek island Lemnos. His older brother, Pat, is also a professional basketball player.
Calathes' last name in Greek translates as "basket" (καλάθι). In 2013, Calathes' fiancé, Tiffany, gave birth to the couple's first child.
Candidate Sentence: He also played at the 2012 FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
Calathes was suspended from competing in any FIBA competitions for four months, from April 2014 to August 2014, by WADA. This was due to his NBA suspension for violating the league's anti-drug policy, after he tested positive for Tamoxifen.
With Greece, he also played at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup, the EuroBasket 2015, and the 2016 Turin FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament


team
Candidate Sentence: In February 2014, starting for the injured Mike Conley Jr., he was named Rookie of the Month, averaging 10.7 points, 4.6 assists and 3.6 rebounds per game.
On April 18, 2014, just days before the 2014 postseason commenced, Calathes was suspended for 20 games for violating the NBA's anti-drug policy; the league stated that Calathes had tested positive for Tamoxifen, though there was no evidence indicating that Calathes had been testosterone doping or using any other performance-enhancing substance that would have been masked by the Tamoxifen
Candidate Sentence: He holds dual citizenship with the United States and Greece. He acquired his Greek passport on June 30, 2008, due to his Greek background. His paternal grandparents emigrated to Florida from the Greek island Lemnos. His older brother, Pat, is also a professional basketball player.
Calathes' last name in Greek translates as "basket" (καλάθι). In 2013, Calathes' fiancé, Tiffany, gave birth to the couple's first child.


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: Despite his commitment to play in Greece, he was still selected in the second round of the 2009 NBA draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves. He was then traded to the Dallas Mavericks for a 2010 second-round draft pick and cash.
"Diamantidis was the MVP of the series, but Calathes was the key player." In his first year with Panathinaikos, he won the Greek League championship, averaging 5.4 points, 2.0 assists, and 2.2 rebounds in 15 minutes per game
Candidate Sentence: Calathes was considered one of the top play-making guards in college basketball. At 6 ft 6 in (1.98 m), he could play the positions of point guard, shooting guard, and small forward.
He was a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection in 2009, and he was the only player in the nation to average better than 15.0 points, 5.0 rebounds, and 6.0 assists per game


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: He agreed to terms with the elite EuroLeague club Panathinaikos Athens. The three-year deal paid Calathes around €2.4 million net income, in addition to providing him with a home, car, and endorsements, making for a total package commensurate with what the NBA rookie salary scale provided an early lottery selection. Despite his commitment to play in Greece, he was still selected in the second round of the 2009 NBA draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves


college
Candidate Sentence: 