name
Candidate Sentence: Anthony Davis For other people with the same name, see Anthony Davis (disambiguation).
Anthony Marshon Davis Jr. (born March 11, 1993), nicknamed "AD", is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He previously played for the New Orleans Pelicans. He plays the power forward and center positions. Davis is a nine-time NBA All-Star and has been named to four All-NBA First Teams and five NBA All-Defensive Teams
Candidate Sentence: He was a first team USA Today All-USA high school basketball team selection. He was a first-team Parade All-American. He was also a first team All-American selection by SLAM Magazine (along with Gilchrist, Rivers, Beal, Quincy Miller and Marquis Teague) and Dime Magazine (along with Gilchrist, Rivers, Beal and Myles Mack). He was a first team selection to the ESPN Rise boys' high school basketball All-American team. In the statewide voting for Illinois Mr. Basketball by coaches and media, he placed fourth


age
Candidate Sentence: He missed 17 games before returning in late January, and for the first time since 2013 was not selected for the 2022 NBA All-Star Game. On February 16, 2022, in a 106–101 win against the Utah Jazz, Davis injured his right ankle and missed 18 games
Candidate Sentence: The report was initially released on Wednesday August 4, 2010 by Sun-Times reporter Michael O'Brien


team
Candidate Sentence: He was a 2013 NBA All-Rookie First Team selection, and finished second in NBA Rookie of the Year voting (with 306 points) to Damian Lillard (605). His 20 double-doubles was the most in his rookie class.
As a rookie, he proved to be mostly a pick-and-roll threat on offense, but was effective in fast break transition and on the offensive boards. He needed to develop his isolation and post-up skills
Candidate Sentence: Anthony Davis For other people with the same name, see Anthony Davis (disambiguation).
Anthony Marshon Davis Jr. (born March 11, 1993), nicknamed "AD", is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He previously played for the New Orleans Pelicans. He plays the power forward and center positions. Davis is a nine-time NBA All-Star and has been named to four All-NBA First Teams and five NBA All-Defensive Teams
