name
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
Candidate Sentence: Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College. In New York, he passed as white; Canisius would later claim Chollet to be the school's first African American basketball player.
Chollet played for several professional teams, including the Syracuse Nationals


age
Candidate Sentence: Candidate Sentence: "Leroy P. Chollet, Canisius College basketball great". The Buffalo News. June 16, 1998. p. 12. Archived from the original on October 29, 2023.
"Leroy Chollet NBA stats". Basketball Reference. Retrieved May 8, 2023.
"Leroy Chollet NBA stats". Basketball Reference. Retrieved May 8, 2023.
"Leroy Chollet ABL stats". Stats Crew. Retrieved May 8, 2023.


team
Candidate Sentence: Leroy Chollet Leroy Patrick Chollet (March 5, 1925 – June 10, 1998) was an American professional basketball player who led  Loyola University New Orleans to its first national championship. Chollet and his brothers attended Holy Cross School in New Orleans and excelled in sports. After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse was one of the league's smallest markets. The NBA was ostensibly a white league at the beginning, with Wataru Misaka, an American of Japanese descent, the only openly non-white player.[note 8]  In the NBA, Chollet was a reserve guard tasked with facilitating. No longer a primary scoring option, his role was to set up plays and distribute the ball to the teams' veteran players
