name
Candidate Sentence: Phil Jackson This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 15 August 2024.
This article is about the basketball coach. For other people with the same name, see Philip Jackson (disambiguation).
Philip Douglas Jackson (born September 17, 1945) is an American former professional basketball player, coach, and executive. A power forward, Jackson played 12 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA), winning championships with the New York Knicks in 1970 and 1973


age
Candidate Sentence: On December 27, 2016, they announced the termination of their engagement in a joint statement on Twitter.
While he was the coach of the Chicago Bulls, he lived in Bannockburn, Illinois. He lived in Playa del Rey, Los Angeles when he was the coach of the Los Angeles Lakers. While he was the president of basketball operations of the New York Knicks, he lived in Midtown Manhattan, New York City
Candidate Sentence: While he was the president of basketball operations of the New York Knicks, he lived in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. He currently resides in Flathead Lake, Montana.
He has 26 hours of graduate study in psychology.
Jackson said he has used marijuana and LSD in the past. In 2010, he said he did not believe that prisons should be filled with people prosecuted for marijuana, but called California's Proposition 19, which would have legalized marijuana, poorly written


team
Candidate Sentence: A power forward, Jackson played 12 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA), winning championships with the New York Knicks in 1970 and 1973. Regarded as one of the greatest coaches of all time, Jackson was the head coach of the Chicago Bulls from 1989 to 1998, leading them to six NBA championships. He then coached the Los Angeles Lakers from 1999 to 2004 and again from 2005 to 2011; the team won five league titles under his leadership
Candidate Sentence: Jackson attracted the attention of several baseball scouts. Their notes found their way to future NBA coach Bill Fitch, who had previously coached baseball, and had been doing some scouting for the Milwaukee Braves. Fitch took over as head basketball coach at the University of North Dakota in the spring of 1962, during Jackson's junior year of high school.
College career Bill Fitch successfully recruited Jackson to the University of North Dakota, where he was a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity
