name
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team


age
Candidate Sentence: On February 10, 2018, he was waived by the Grizzlies.
Houston Rockets (2018) On February 12, 2018, Wright signed with the Houston Rockets. On March 23, 2018, he was waived by the Rockets.
NBA career statistics Regular season Playoffs Player profile Wright himself has said that growing up, his favorite player was Kevin Garnett and that he is also a fan of Chris Bosh's game and models some of his playing style from the two
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team


team
Candidate Sentence: Brandan Wright Contents Brandan Keith Wright (born October 5, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player. Growing up in Tennessee, Wright fast became a standout at his high school Brentwood Academy, earning three "Mr. Basketball" titles, a feat no player at any level had ever done in Tennessee. After leading his high school team to four consecutive state championships, Wright was eventually recruited by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's basketball team
Candidate Sentence: In his lone season as a Tar Heel, Wright was named the Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year, and earned All-ACC Second Team honors. In the 2007 NBA draft, Wright was chosen eighth overall by the Charlotte Bobcats, and in a draft-night trade was dealt to the Golden State Warriors for guard Jason Richardson.
Early years Wright was born and raised in Nashville, Tennessee. In high school, Wright became a two-time first-team Parade All-American selection at Brentwood Academy


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: Wright averaged 6.9 points, 3.6 rebounds and 1.3 blocks in 16.1 minutes per game in the 2011–12 NBA season. Wright scored in double figures 13 times and shot a team-high 61.8 percent from the field. Wright made his NBA Playoff debut in Game 1 at Oklahoma City on April 28
Candidate Sentence: Wright was also named Atlantic Coast Conference Rookie of the Year (the third straight Tar Heel to earn the honor) and earned All-ACC Second Team honors.
College statistics Professional career Golden State Warriors (2007–2011) Wright before a game as a member of the Warriors in 2009 Wright became an early candidate for the 2007 NBA draft after his freshman year at the University of North Carolina. In the draft, Wright was selected by the Charlotte Bobcats with the eighth overall pick


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: In high school, Wright became a two-time first-team Parade All-American selection at Brentwood Academy. As a senior, Wright averaged 22.4 points, 9.4 rebounds, and 5.1 blocks per contest, and also recorded four triple-doubles (points, rebounds, assists). Wright earned Tennessee's Division II Mr. Basketball title in 2004, 2005, and 2006, becoming the first player ever to win the award three times at any level of Tennessee high school basketball


college
Candidate Sentence: He is considered to be a superior finisher from within twelve feet and especially at the rim. Wright's biggest weakness seemed to be his strength, as well as his sporadic defensive efforts.
Personal life Wright has two younger brothers, Brian and Trevor. The former played basketball at Lipscomb University in Nashville from 2007 to 2011
