name
Candidate Sentence: Leroy Chollet Leroy Patrick Chollet (March 5, 1925 – June 10, 1998) was an American professional basketball player who led  Loyola University New Orleans to its first national championship. Chollet and his brothers attended Holy Cross School in New Orleans and excelled in sports. After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David


age
Candidate Sentence: He was an administrator for community sports programs at the Lakewood Recreation Department from 1960 to 1980 and tended bar at Kluck's, a local landmark. Chollet died in 1998 and was buried at Milan Cemetery.
Career statistics NBA Regular season Playoffs ABL College career Notes Citations "South vs. West". The Kansas City Times. Kansas City, Missouri. March 17, 1945.
"Loyola Beats Pepperdine, 49–36, for National Basketball Crown". The Times-Picayune. March 19, 1945. p. 10. "Loyola's Title"
Candidate Sentence: Chollet became a top scorer in the ABL; he was recalled by Syracuse mid-season, but barely played after an early ankle injury. His third and final season of professional basketball was with another ABL team, the Elmira Colonels. During the 1951–1952 season, he announced that he was retiring from professional basketball to seek a stable coaching position.
Later life Chollet married Barbara Knaus and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio, after his professional basketball career


team
Candidate Sentence: Chollet was inducted into the Canisius Hall of Fame in 1964, and the Loyola Athletic Hall of Fame in 1993.
Professional career Leroy Chollet (center) contesting a shot from Danny Finn in the ABL Chollet signed with the Syracuse Nationals for the NBA's 1949–50 inaugural season, after the Basketball Association of America (BAA) and National Basketball League (NBL) merged.[note 7] In the NBA's early days, the most successful and popular franchises were the smaller Midwest teams that had originated in the NBL
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse made it to the first NBA Finals in 1950 but fell to the Minneapolis Lakers in six games.
During his first season with the Nationals, Chollet feuded with Al Cervi over playing time. Chollet told Cervi that he would make a better coach during an argument. When Cervi responded by making Chollet coach for a game, the rookie benched his own coach


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
Candidate Sentence: He'd say 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Cervi,' then run on the court so nobody could say anything. So I did the same thing. 'Schayes, Hannum ... and Chollet.' We won that game, too." — Leroy Chollet Chollet began his second pro season as player-coach of the Utica Pros, an American Basketball League team that farmed players to larger NBA teams including the Nationals and the New York Knicks


college
Candidate Sentence: After a year in the United States Navy, Chollet enrolled at Loyola and led the Loyola Wolf Pack to the NAIA men's basketball championship in 1945. Louisiana schools were segregated at the time.[note 1] When Chollet's African American heritage was revealed,[note 2] he moved to New York and played three seasons for Canisius College
Candidate Sentence: During the inaugural season of the National Basketball Association (NBA), he became a role player behind established veterans, and the team made it to the 1950 NBA Finals. An ankle injury limited Chollet's second year in the NBA. The Elmira Colonels, an American Basketball League team, signed Chollet for his third and final season. He retired from professional basketball, married Barbara Knaus, and moved to her hometown, Lakewood, Ohio. They had three children: Lawrence, Melanie, and David
