name
Candidate Sentence: Miles Simon Miles Julian Simon (born November 21, 1975) is an American basketball coach and former player who recently served as an assistant coach for the Phoenix Suns of the NBA.
Early life and college career Simon was born in Stockholm to an American father and a Norwegian mother. He played guard for the University of Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team, where he formed a formidable backcourt duo with future NBA point guard Mike Bibby


age
Candidate Sentence: The hiring, alongside the rest of the Suns' newest coaching staff, was made official on June 21, 2023. Simon would later be fired alongside the rest of Frank Vogel's coaching staff (outside of David Fizdale) on May 12, 2024 following the replacement of Vogel with Mike Budenholzer.
Candidate Sentence: He remained an assistant coach until May 2008, when it was announced by the Arizona athletics department that his coaching contract would not be renewed.
Simon later worked with ESPN as an analyst after his time with Arizona ended.
On June 27, 2017, he joined the Los Angeles Lakers as an assistant coach.
In 2021, he was named the head coach of the Los Angeles Lakers' development team, the South Bay Lakers, in the NBA G League.
On June 17, 2023, it was reported that Simon was hired as an assistant coach for the Phoenix Suns under head coach Frank Vogel


team
Candidate Sentence: Miles Simon Miles Julian Simon (born November 21, 1975) is an American basketball coach and former player who recently served as an assistant coach for the Phoenix Suns of the NBA.
Early life and college career Simon was born in Stockholm to an American father and a Norwegian mother. He played guard for the University of Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team, where he formed a formidable backcourt duo with future NBA point guard Mike Bibby
Candidate Sentence: He received honors as Player of the Week four times. He was named the CBA Newcomer of the Year, the CBA MVP, and the Playoff MVP. He also holds the CBA record for most free throws made in a row at 60.
Post-playing career In 2005, Simon was announced as an assistant coach under his collegiate head coach Lute Olson at his alma mater winning the conference championship and reaching the Elite Eight in March 2005


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: 

draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: 

college
Candidate Sentence: 