university_name
Candidate Sentence: There is a lot of national hokie pride and love.  I run into alums everywhere I go, and it seems I can't go anywhere with Virginia Tech clothing on without someone yelling "GO HOKIES!" to me.     I spend a lot of my time on campus at dining halls, the duck pond, the drillfield, and Squires student center (aside from my classrooms of course.)     Blacksburg is DEFINITELY a college down


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: Virginia Tech The Basics About Virginia Tech Virginia Tech is a public institution that was founded in 1872. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 23,558, its setting is rural, and the campus size is 2,600 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Virginia Tech's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 69
Candidate Sentence: He acted courageously and the best that he could under such difficult cir***stances.  While the media and other outsiders tried to put him down and blame him for certain things, I do not know a single student that didn't give him a standing ovation any time he spoke after the events took place.     There is MORE SCHOOL PRIDE HERE THAN ANYWHERE ELSE! I have yet to visit another university in my 4 years of college that is bursting with pride like we are


setting
Candidate Sentence: Virginia Tech The Basics About Virginia Tech Virginia Tech is a public institution that was founded in 1872. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 23,558, its setting is rural, and the campus size is 2,600 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Virginia Tech's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 69
Candidate Sentence: There is nothing better than walking accross the drillfield on a beautiful day.  I am in love with hokie stone and all of the beautiful buildings made from it.  Our duckpond is gorgeous, and there is so much to do on campus.  But even better than the physical surroundings is the atmosphere.  There is just something in the air on our campus.  Everyone is so happy and proud to be a hokie.     Some people will try to say that VT is too large.  I disagree
