university_name
Candidate Sentence: Tulane University The Basics About Tulane University Tulane University is a private institution that was founded in 1834. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 7,210, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 110 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Tulane University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 51. Its tuition and fees are $41,884.
The best thing about Tulane is the people and the city. The students here are so fun, yet so intelligent
Candidate Sentence: But most of the services on campus are willing to help out, and are understanding of their own shortcomings.  And if there is a real problem at Tulane, the students' voices are actually heard.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P. All rights reserved.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.


total_undergraduate_enrollment
Candidate Sentence: Tulane University The Basics About Tulane University Tulane University is a private institution that was founded in 1834. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 7,210, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 110 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Tulane University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 51. Its tuition and fees are $41,884.
The best thing about Tulane is the people and the city. The students here are so fun, yet so intelligent
Candidate Sentence: It has plenty of great comfortable furniture to hang out or study in.    Besides the Greek life issue, Tulane's administration does a great job listening to the students. We wanted a fall break; they gave it to us. They have great emergency plans, and we get biweekly emails from the president himself.    I would say the biggest controversy on campus lately is a website called JuicyCampus. The students are fighting for the administration to ban it. The website is basically a portal for gossiping and bullying
