name
Candidate Sentence: Anthony Edwards (basketball) Anthony Edwards (born August 5, 2001), nicknamed "Ant-Man" or simply "Ant", is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). A shooting guard, he played college basketball for the Georgia Bulldogs and was selected with the first overall pick by the Timberwolves in the 2020 NBA draft. He was named an All-Star during the 2022–23 and 2023–24 seasons. Edwards also won a gold medal on the 2024 U.S
Candidate Sentence: As a senior, he earned McDonald's All-American and USA Today All-USA first team honors. He committed to play college basketball for Georgia, becoming the highest-rated recruit to do so, and was named SEC Freshman of the Year after his freshman season with the team.
Early life Edwards spent his early life in Oakland City, Atlanta, Georgia. When he was three years old, he was given the nickname "Ant-Man" by his father


age
Candidate Sentence: On February 10, 2023, he was named an All-Star for the first time in his career as a reserve. Edwards and De'Aaron Fox were announced as injury replacements for injured stars Stephen Curry and Zion Williamson
Candidate Sentence: After the season, he finished second in Rookie of the Year voting and was named to the NBA All-Rookie First Team.
2021–22 season: First playoff appearance On November 10, 2021, Edwards scored a then career-high 48 points on 7 three-pointers in a 123–110 loss to the Golden State Warriors


team
Candidate Sentence: 1 overall pick on draft night. On December 23, 2020, he made his NBA debut, putting up 15 points, 4 rebounds, and 4 assists in 25 minutes, in a 111–101 win against the Detroit Pistons. On March 18, 2021, Edwards scored a then career-high 42 points, along with 7 rebounds and 3 assists, in a game against the Phoenix Suns, becoming the third-youngest player to score 40+ points in NBA history
Candidate Sentence: Edwards switched his focus to basketball because he "thought it looked more fun" after watching his brothers play the sport. He often played basketball with his brothers at their grandmother's house. Entering ninth grade, he began training with Justin Holland, a former college basketball player for Liberty and an Atlanta-based basketball trainer.
High school career Due to his success with the Atlanta Xpress 15-under Amateur Athletic Union team, Edwards was considered a four-star recruit by Rivals in 2016


draft_year
Candidate Sentence: On February 11, 2019, he committed to play college basketball for Georgia, becoming the program's best recruit in the modern recruiting era. Edwards chose the Bulldogs over offers from Florida State, Kansas, Kentucky, and North Carolina
Candidate Sentence: 1 overall pick on draft night. On December 23, 2020, he made his NBA debut, putting up 15 points, 4 rebounds, and 4 assists in 25 minutes, in a 111–101 win against the Detroit Pistons. On March 18, 2021, Edwards scored a then career-high 42 points, along with 7 rebounds and 3 assists, in a game against the Phoenix Suns, becoming the third-youngest player to score 40+ points in NBA history


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: On February 11, 2019, he committed to play college basketball for Georgia, becoming the program's best recruit in the modern recruiting era. Edwards chose the Bulldogs over offers from Florida State, Kansas, Kentucky, and North Carolina
Candidate Sentence: On February 10, 2023, he was named an All-Star for the first time in his career as a reserve. Edwards and De'Aaron Fox were announced as injury replacements for injured stars Stephen Curry and Zion Williamson


college
Candidate Sentence: On February 11, 2019, he committed to play college basketball for Georgia, becoming the program's best recruit in the modern recruiting era. Edwards chose the Bulldogs over offers from Florida State, Kansas, Kentucky, and North Carolina
Candidate Sentence: When he was three years old, he was given the nickname "Ant-Man" by his father. For much of his childhood, Edwards played football in the running back, quarterback, and cornerback positions. He played youth football for the Atlanta Vikings and became one of the best Pop Warner running backs in the country by age 10. Edwards switched his focus to basketball because he "thought it looked more fun" after watching his brothers play the sport
