name
Candidate Sentence: Isiah Thomas For other people with similar names, see Isaiah Thomas (disambiguation).
Isiah Lord Thomas III (/aɪˈzeɪ.ə/ eye-ZAY-ə; born April 30, 1961), also known as "Zeke", is an American former professional basketball player and coach who is an analyst for NBA TV.  He played his entire professional career for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Candidate Sentence: The charity is named for Thomas's mother. Mary's Court has teamed up with another Chicago-based charity, Kids off the Block, to serve meals to Chicago children and families during Thanksgiving.
While Thomas was at FIU, Thomas and Mary's Court donated $50,000 to FIU's First Generation Scholarship and organized a sell-out charity game during the NBA lockout featuring NBA stars LeBron James and Dwyane Wade. A street on Chicago's West Side was named in honor of his mother.
The Dr. Martin Luther King Jr


age
Candidate Sentence: Isiah Thomas For other people with similar names, see Isaiah Thomas (disambiguation).
Isiah Lord Thomas III (/aɪˈzeɪ.ə/ eye-ZAY-ə; born April 30, 1961), also known as "Zeke", is an American former professional basketball player and coach who is an analyst for NBA TV.  He played his entire professional career for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Candidate Sentence: He served as chief executive officer of the King County (WA) Regional Homelessness Authority.
Drug overdose On October 24, 2008, Thomas was taken to White Plains Hospital Center near his New York City area home after accidentally taking an overdose of Lunesta, a form of sleep medication.
Legacy and accolades During his playing career, Thomas won an NCAA championship with Indiana in 1981 and NBA championships with Detroit in 1989 and 1990


team
Candidate Sentence: He was taken as the second overall pick by the Pistons in the 1981 NBA draft, and played for them his entire career, while leading the "Bad Boys" to the 1988–89 and 1989–90 NBA championships.
Following his playing career, Thomas was an executive with the Toronto Raptors, a television commentator, the owner of the Continental Basketball Association, the head coach of the Indiana Pacers, and an executive and head coach for the New York Knicks
Candidate Sentence: He was selected as the Most Outstanding Player of the 1981 Final Four and the Most Valuable Player of the 1990 NBA Finals.  He was a consensus first-team All-American in 1980 and a 12-time NBA All-Star.
When Thomas retired as a player in 1994, he ranked third in NBA history with 9,061 assists and fifth in league history with 1,861 steals
