name
Candidate Sentence: Jarrett Jack Fort Washington, Maryland, U.S. (Hyattsville, Maryland) (Durham, North Carolina) (Laurel, Maryland) (Worcester, Massachusetts) Jarrett Matthew Jack (born October 28, 1983) is an American professional basketball coach and former player and an assistant coach for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He attended four high schools in North Carolina, Maryland and Massachusetts before playing collegiately at Georgia Tech


age
Candidate Sentence: He attended four high schools in North Carolina, Maryland and Massachusetts before playing collegiately at Georgia Tech. He was selected with the 22nd overall pick in the 2005 NBA draft by the Denver Nuggets, before playing with the Portland Trail Blazers, Indiana Pacers, Toronto Raptors, New Orleans Hornets, Golden State Warriors, Cleveland Cavaliers, Brooklyn Nets, New Orleans Pelicans, and New York Knicks.
High school career Jack attended four high schools, including DeMatha Catholic High School and St
Candidate Sentence: In his junior and final year at Georgia Tech he averaged 15.5 points, 4.8 rebounds and 4.5 assists.
After forgoing his senior year of eligibility at Georgia Tech to enter the NBA draft, Jack graduated on December 13, 2014, receiving his degree in business management at commencement ceremonies in Atlanta.
Professional career After his junior year at Georgia Tech, he opted to enter the 2005 NBA draft and was selected by the Denver Nuggets with the 22nd pick


team
Candidate Sentence: He attended four high schools in North Carolina, Maryland and Massachusetts before playing collegiately at Georgia Tech. He was selected with the 22nd overall pick in the 2005 NBA draft by the Denver Nuggets, before playing with the Portland Trail Blazers, Indiana Pacers, Toronto Raptors, New Orleans Hornets, Golden State Warriors, Cleveland Cavaliers, Brooklyn Nets, New Orleans Pelicans, and New York Knicks.
High school career Jack attended four high schools, including DeMatha Catholic High School and St
Candidate Sentence: On January 10, 2018, he recorded his first triple-double in six years with 16 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists in a 122–119 double overtime loss to the Chicago Bulls. Four days later, he set a new season high with 22 points in a 123–118 overtime loss to the New Orleans Pelicans.
Jack signed with the Pelicans on September 19, 2018, before being waived on October 13.
Sioux Falls Skyforce (2019–2020) On March 5, 2019, Jack was acquired by the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA G League
