name
Candidate Sentence: Magic Johnson For the Red Hot Chili Peppers song, see Mother's Milk (album). For the Nas song, see Magic 2.
"Earvin Johnson" redirects here. For the NBA center, see Ervin Johnson.
Earvin "Magic" Johnson Jr. (born August 14, 1959) is an American businessman and former professional basketball player. Often regarded as the greatest point guard of all time, Johnson spent his entire career with the Los Angeles Lakers in the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Candidate Sentence: He said that he retired because he "didn't want to hurt the game." During his retirement, Johnson has written a book on safe sex, run several businesses, worked for NBC as a commentator, and toured Asia, Australia, and New Zealand with a basketball team of former college and NBA players. In 1985, Johnson created "A Midsummer Night's Magic", a yearly charity event which included a celebrity basketball game and a black tie dinner


age
Candidate Sentence: — Magic Johnson (November 7, 1991) Johnson was one of the first sports stars to go public about having HIV. AIDS activist Elizabeth Glaser, to whom Johnson had been introduced by a friend, convinced Johnson to go public about his diagnosis
Candidate Sentence: He said that he retired because he "didn't want to hurt the game." During his retirement, Johnson has written a book on safe sex, run several businesses, worked for NBC as a commentator, and toured Asia, Australia, and New Zealand with a basketball team of former college and NBA players. In 1985, Johnson created "A Midsummer Night's Magic", a yearly charity event which included a celebrity basketball game and a black tie dinner


team
Candidate Sentence: His career achievements include three NBA Most Valuable Player Awards, three NBA Finals MVPs, nine All-NBA First Team designations, and twelve All-Star games selections. He led the league in regular season assists four times, and is the NBA's all-time leader in average assists per game in both the regular season (11.19 assists per game) and the playoffs (12.35 assists per game). He also holds the records for most career playoff assists and most career playoff triple-doubles
Candidate Sentence: He also holds the records for most career playoff assists and most career playoff triple-doubles. Johnson was the co-captain of the 1992 United States men's Olympic basketball team ("The Dream Team"), which won the Olympic gold medal in Barcelona
