name
Candidate Sentence: Isiah Thomas For other people with similar names, see Isaiah Thomas (disambiguation).
Isiah Lord Thomas III (/aɪˈzeɪ.ə/ eye-ZAY-ə; born April 30, 1961), also known as "Zeke", is an American former professional basketball player and coach who is an analyst for NBA TV.  He played his entire professional career for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA)
Candidate Sentence: Thomas believed that streaming video would be the future of news and entertainment.
During Thomas's tenure, the budget for the CBA league office reportedly doubled. When Thomas became head coach of the Indiana Pacers in 2000, he was required by NBA rules to sell the CBA. The NBA offered to buy the league from Thomas, but he declined. The NBA then started its own minor league, depriving the CBA "of its lifeblood, a $2 million annual payment the NBA made to retain the CBA as its official developmental league"


age
Candidate Sentence: He served as chief executive officer of the King County (WA) Regional Homelessness Authority.
Drug overdose On October 24, 2008, Thomas was taken to White Plains Hospital Center near his New York City area home after accidentally taking an overdose of Lunesta, a form of sleep medication.
Legacy and accolades During his playing career, Thomas won an NCAA championship with Indiana in 1981 and NBA championships with Detroit in 1989 and 1990
Candidate Sentence: 

draft_year
Candidate Sentence: He was taken as the second overall pick by the Pistons in the 1981 NBA draft, and played for them his entire career, while leading the "Bad Boys" to the 1988–89 and 1989–90 NBA championships.
Following his playing career, Thomas was an executive with the Toronto Raptors, a television commentator, the owner of the Continental Basketball Association, the head coach of the Indiana Pacers, and an executive and head coach for the New York Knicks
Candidate Sentence: He played his entire professional career for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA). A 12-time NBA All-Star, Thomas was named to the  NBA's 50th and 75th anniversary teams, and inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. From 2000 to 2012 he coached the Indiana Pacers, New York Knicks, and FIU.  Thomas played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers, leading them to the 1981 NCAA championship as a sophomore and declaring for the NBA draft


draft_pick
Candidate Sentence: He was taken as the second overall pick by the Pistons in the 1981 NBA draft, and played for them his entire career, while leading the "Bad Boys" to the 1988–89 and 1989–90 NBA championships.
Following his playing career, Thomas was an executive with the Toronto Raptors, a television commentator, the owner of the Continental Basketball Association, the head coach of the Indiana Pacers, and an executive and head coach for the New York Knicks
Candidate Sentence: Thomas started for the Eastern Conference in the 1982 NBA All-Star Game and made the All-Rookie Team.
On December 13, 1983, Thomas scored 47 points and recorded 17 assists during a 186–184 triple overtime win over the Denver Nuggets. In the opening round of the 1984 NBA playoffs, Thomas and the Pistons faced off against Bernard King and the New York Knicks


college
Candidate Sentence: He was taken as the second overall pick by the Pistons in the 1981 NBA draft, and played for them his entire career, while leading the "Bad Boys" to the 1988–89 and 1989–90 NBA championships.
Following his playing career, Thomas was an executive with the Toronto Raptors, a television commentator, the owner of the Continental Basketball Association, the head coach of the Indiana Pacers, and an executive and head coach for the New York Knicks
Candidate Sentence: Fans displayed bedsheets with quotations from the Book of Isaiah ("And a little child shall lead them") and nicknamed him "Mr. Wonderful." Because of Thomas's relatively short stature for college basketball at 6 ft 1 in (1.85 m), coach Knight would call him "Pee Wee". Thomas and Mike Woodson led the Hoosiers to the Big Ten championship and advanced to the 1980 Sweet Sixteen.
The next year, the 1980–81 season, Knight made Thomas captain and told him to run the show on the floor
