university_name
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse University The Basics About Syracuse University Syracuse University is a private institution that was founded in 1870. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 13,736, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 200 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Syracuse University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 55
Candidate Sentence: I've met some great people at SU and I met my fiance here so I'm kind of in love with my campus Syracuse is a very large, private, expensive, and amazing university! In my first year, I have experienced so much more than I probably ever would in high school and I am very grateful for the things I have learned along the way! The city of Syracuse is actually very different from the campus we live on


year_founded
Candidate Sentence: Syracuse University The Basics About Syracuse University Syracuse University is a private institution that was founded in 1870. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 13,736, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 200 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Syracuse University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 55
Candidate Sentence: I've met some great people at SU and I met my fiance here so I'm kind of in love with my campus Syracuse is a very large, private, expensive, and amazing university! In my first year, I have experienced so much more than I probably ever would in high school and I am very grateful for the things I have learned along the way! The city of Syracuse is actually very different from the campus we live on


rank
Candidate Sentence: It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Syracuse University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 55. Its tuition and fees are $36,302.
Syracuse University is guided by its vision of Scholarship In Action and offers the best of two learning environments
Candidate Sentence: It is not the wealthiest of cities, nor the most well known; it is almost like two different worlds when being on campus versus "downtown". It is very nice, however, to step off campus and into the colorful avenues of the city, including: museums, restaurants (sushi is very popular), and nightlife.
Copyright © 2011 U.S. News & World Report, L.P. All rights reserved.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
